Forestry, are you crazy?
You say you are the heir
He is the new master who will inherit David of Kunlun
The lord is so brave
I really can't do anything
If you look at Yan'er's face
Don't go crazy here
Lest Yan'er be implicated and our Qin family be implicated
I said Qin Lao
Don't you understand?
At that time, my master agreed to this for me and Yan Er
That is, the current grandfather of the Lord of Kunlun
You have a master in one bite.
The people you met in prison
Always compared to the ancestors
Impersonating the ancestor at the inheritance ceremony
I, Lei, have really opened my eyes today
The ceremony ends
Even if I don't move, it's hard for you to survive
What nonsense are you talking about?
Congratulations, Miss Qin, on your selection
But if the forestry thing is exposed
Your iron roll alchemy book is also kept
He will even lose his identity as a member of the Kunlun family
What do you want to do?
I want Forest to get out of here and break his legs
Then you can open a room and wait for me.
It's too much.
Too much. Think about the baby in your belly.
What should I do without my father in the future?
You father and son are really optimistic
This Zhao Ting has already gone up to receive the award
You still have a sense of crisis
Make trouble
Yes, sir, of course
Lin Yan's celebration has begun
When it's over, you're dead